README.md, before:

![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Microverse-blueviolet)

# Project Name: Catalog of My Things

> Description of the project: A console app that helps the user to keep a record of different types of things they own: books, music albums, movies, and games. Everything is based on the UML class diagram presented below. The data is stored in JSON files. Additionally, the project contains a database with tables structure analogical to the program's class structure.

![uml diagram](images/uml.png)

## Built With
- Languages: Ruby
- Models/Frameworks: OOP, Rspec, SQL

## Getting started
To get a local copy of this exercice, Please follow these simple example steps.

#### 1. Clone this repository or download the Zip folder:"

```bash command
$ git clone https://github.com/digia3d/Catalog-of-my-things.git
```
#### 2. Navigate to the location of the folder in your machine:
```bash command
you@your-Pc-name:~$ cd <folder>
```
#### 3. Press Enter to navigate to your local clone.

#### 4. Go to your terminal and run the app with the following command:
```bash command
ruby ruby/main.rb
```

#### 5. Make your selections from the menu that appears accordingly.
- For example, you can create books as well as list the books on the app among others actions.

#### 6. Run Tests
- This app uses Rspec, a unit testing framework for RUby. To run various tests, please enter the following commands on the terminal:

```sh
gem install rspec
```

```sh
rspec .
```

## Authors

👤 **Aleksandra Ujvari**

- GitHub: [@digia3d](https://github.com/digia3d)
- LinkedIn: [Aleksandra (Digital Marketing A3D) Ujvari](https://www.linkedin.com/in/aleksandra-ujvari-85235a210/) 
- Twitter: [@ujvari65](https://twitter.com/ujvari65)


👤 **Tracey Kadenyi**

- GitHub: [@TracK92](https://github.com/TracK92)
- LinkedIn: [Tracey Kadenyi](https://www.linkedin.com/in/tracey-kadenyi/)

👤 **Charles Okoye**

- GitHub: [@okoyecharles](https://github.com/okoyecharles)
- [Charles Okoye](https://linkedin.com/in/charles-k-okoye/) 
- Twitter: [@okoyecharles_](https://twitter.com/okoyecharles_)

👤 **Priscilla Oyebade**

- GitHub: [@OyePriscilla](https://github.com/OyePriscilla)
- LinkedIn: [Priscilla](https://linkedin.com/in/oyepriscilla)


## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](../../issues/).

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!


## 📝 License

This project is [MIT](./MIT.md) licensed.

Commit message:

Add Group Video to README.md

README.md, after:

![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Microverse-blueviolet)

# Project Name: Catalog of My Things

> Description of the project: A console app that helps the user to keep a record of different types of things they own: books, music albums, movies, and games. Everything is based on the UML class diagram presented below. The data is stored in JSON files. Additionally, the project contains a database with tables structure analogical to the program's class structure.

### Group Video (Google Drive)
Here we recorded a video of the project features and implementations

[Group Video Link](https://drive.google.com/file/d/10icVvqZlz8YHUUS2oKgdy-WKl8hzM90T/view?usp=sharing)

![uml diagram](images/uml.png)

## Built With
- Languages: Ruby
- Models/Frameworks: OOP, Rspec, SQL

## Getting started
To get a local copy of this exercice, Please follow these simple example steps.

#### 1. Clone this repository or download the Zip folder:"

```bash command
$ git clone https://github.com/digia3d/Catalog-of-my-things.git
```
#### 2. Navigate to the location of the folder in your machine:
```bash command
you@your-Pc-name:~$ cd <folder>
```
#### 3. Press Enter to navigate to your local clone.

#### 4. Go to your terminal and run the app with the following command:
```bash command
ruby ruby/main.rb
```

#### 5. Make your selections from the menu that appears accordingly.
- For example, you can create books as well as list the books on the app among others actions.

#### 6. Run Tests
- This app uses Rspec, a unit testing framework for RUby. To run various tests, please enter the following commands on the terminal:

```sh
gem install rspec
```

```sh
rspec .
```

## Authors

👤 **Aleksandra Ujvari**

- GitHub: [@digia3d](https://github.com/digia3d)
- LinkedIn: [Aleksandra (Digital Marketing A3D) Ujvari](https://www.linkedin.com/in/aleksandra-ujvari-85235a210/) 
- Twitter: [@ujvari65](https://twitter.com/ujvari65)


👤 **Tracey Kadenyi**

- GitHub: [@TracK92](https://github.com/TracK92)
- LinkedIn: [Tracey Kadenyi](https://www.linkedin.com/in/tracey-kadenyi/)

👤 **Charles Okoye**

- GitHub: [@okoyecharles](https://github.com/okoyecharles)
- [Charles Okoye](https://linkedin.com/in/charles-k-okoye/) 
- Twitter: [@okoyecharles_](https://twitter.com/okoyecharles_)

👤 **Priscilla Oyebade**

- GitHub: [@OyePriscilla](https://github.com/OyePriscilla)
- LinkedIn: [Priscilla](https://linkedin.com/in/oyepriscilla)


## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](../../issues/).

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!


## 📝 License

This project is [MIT](./MIT.md) licensed.
